Add dovel.email to Email - Complete solutions (#3856)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [AnonAddy](https://anonaddy.com) - Open source email forwarding service for creating aliases. ([Source Code](https://github.com/anonaddy/anonaddy)) `MIT` `PHP`
- [DebOps](https://docs.debops.org/) - Your Debian-based data center in a box. A set of general-purpose Ansible roles that can be used to manage Debian or Ubuntu hosts. ([Source Code](https://github.com/debops/debops)) `GPL-3.0` `YAML/Ansible/Python`
- [docker-mailserver](https://docker-mailserver.github.io/docker-mailserver/edge/) - Production-ready fullstack but simple mail server (SMTP, IMAP, LDAP, Antispam, Antivirus, etc.) running inside a container. Only configuration files, no SQL database. ([Source Code](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver)) `MIT` `Docker`

> - [Dovel](https://dovel.email) - SMTP mail server with a minimal web interface and simple configuration, can server multiple domains. ([Source Code](https://blmayer.dev/x/dovel)) `LGPL-3.0` `Go`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dovel](https://dovel.email) - SMTP server that sends and receives emails according to a simple configuration file, with an optional web interface that you can use to browse your emails. ([Source Code](https://blmayer.dev/x/dovel)) `LGPL-3.0` `Go`
```

The official description is clearer.
